

For the second part, you will turn in your finished menu.html and menu.css files. Use whatever text editor you are most comfortable developing html/css using.

Create two files: menu.html and menu.css. Place these in the same directory.
Add a title and a link element in the header of menu.html to link it to menu.css.
In menu.html, create one parent div (this will be the main menu container) with at least 4 divs inside of it (these will be the menu items). Write some text in <p> elements in the menu item divs. You choose what text!
Change the menu div so that its width is 20% of the page.
Give each menu item a margin of 5px on the top, bottom, and right sides.
Give each menu item a total padding of 10px. Make sure to change or account for the default settings of the <p> elements.
Give your menu div & its children borders.
Create a second div at the same level as your menu div. This div will contain the information on your page.
Put the same number of sections in your info div as you have menu options.
Float the divs so that they appear next to each other. You will need to adjust the width of your info div.
Use <a> elements to link each menu item to its corresponding text section.
Hint: search how you can use <a> elements and element ids to link to somewhere in your page.
Next, we want to force the menu to stay in the same position when the page is scrolled. Use the position attribute to make this happen.
If your text appears behind the menu when you do this, think about where your divs are floating. Make it so that the text is not behind the menu.
Change the borders so that the menu div and the info div have the same style but the menu items have a different style.
Keeping the main layout and mechanics of the page the same, use your creative design skills to personalize it.
Some ideas:
Change the font.
Change the colors.
Make the links so that they look different.
Put some images in.
Give the body of the page a main header.
Use the :hover selector to change the appearance of an/some element/s when you hover over them. Make hover do something:
change color
make rounded corners
. Change the padding and margin of the item
Things that you should not change: margin & padding in the menu; relative position of the menu to the info; the mechanics of how the page functions.
To receive credit for this part, you must change at least 5 different things. Changing the font for all section headers would count as changing 1 thing.
Comment the changes that you have made in your css file.
Warning: make sure that all css rules that you use are written in menu.css. When we load the page, we want to see what you see.
Double check to ensure that you have used classes and ids appropriately both in your html and to assign attribute values in your css.
