Mitch Henderson

Download boxes.html and boxes.css from moodle. Place both of them in the same directory, then open boxes.html using either Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome.
Right click on the webpage to inspect the elements (“Inspect Element” in Firefox, “Inspect” in Chrome).
Give div1 a new background color.

What css rule did you use?
I used this rule:
#div1 {
    background-color: red;
}

How would you write it in a css file so that only this div gets the new background color?
I would use an ID selector, as I did in the rule I included above.
There is only one HTML element with the ID "div1", so the selector #div1 will only select that one div.

Edit the margin and padding attributes of the divs.
What does changing the margin do? What does changing the padding do?
Margin creates visual spacing around the element.  Padding creates visual spacing within the element.  In particular, spacing between core content and the border.

Now change the background color of the <p> element inside div 1 to yellow.
Change the margin and padding of the yellow <p>.
What happens if the margin is greater than 100px?
If we set the margin to greater than 100px it is too big to fit inside of its containing div.


What happens if the padding is greater than 100px?
The additional padding pushes it out of the margin and border

Keeping the padding greater than 100px, change the overflow of div1.
What is the difference between scroll and hidden?
With scroll, we are able to mouse over the p tag area and scroll around the boundaries of the p tag area. With hidden, we don't see the rest of the box, we only see what is immediately visible.

Refresh the page to return the divs to their original states.
Give all divs the float: left attribute.
What order are they in?
Giving the divs the float: left puts them into a horizontal row

What if they all have the float: right attribute instead?
Using float: right attribute on the other hand reverses the order of the boxes and places them on the right hand side.

Keeping all divs with the float: right attribute, give each one in turn the two attributes float: left and clear: right.
Describe the relative positions of the boxes with each combination.
For the positions of the boxes when we alternate float: left and clear: right
For first div: 1 left, 2 and 3 on the right (3 to the left of 2)
For second div: 1 is in the upper right, and 2 is on the left, one spot down, and 3 is below box 1.
For third div: boxes 2 and 1 appear in upper right, and box 3 is on the left one spot down.

Refresh the page to return the divs to their original states. Give the body element a margin value of 0px.
What changes?
We see the boxes go right up to the very edge of the computer screen. There is no more built in margin of 8 px around the whole page.

What does this tell you about the default margin value?
This tells us that the default margin exists, and probably was built to give the user a little bit of room around the screen.
